[Transcript missing]
So first thing we're going to
cover is what does it take to
get your app into Newsstand?
This will include info PLS keys
you're going to need to adopt,
as well as all of the new icon
variants available to you,
and where they're used.
And then we're going to talk about
how do we go through the process of
getting content from your servers
down into your app on a user's device?
And then once it's there,
how do you let the user know that new
content is ready for them to view?
And with that,
I'd like to invite my colleague
Jon up here to tell us what we need
to know about appearing in newsstand.
Here you go, John.
Thanks, Ben.
Hi, everybody.
I'm going to tell you today how to
make your app appear in Newsstand.
And there are two pieces to this.
The first is how to make
your app a Newsstand app,
and the second is how to
define your Newsstand icon.
Well, first things first,
how do you become a Newsstand app?
Well, it's rather straightforward.
You have to add one
key to your Info.plist.
That key, UINewsstandApp.
It's a Boolean, set it to true,
and congratulations.
You're now a Newsstand app.
But we're not quite done yet.
Because you need an icon.
Now,
you are probably all familiar with this,
but there is one icon style in iOS today.
And it looks a lot like this.
iOS 4, that is.
Now, you see it on the home screen,
but you also see it in search,
you see it in settings,
you see it in the app switcher,
and you even see it in the
new notification center.
Well, as Ben just showed us,
publications in an actual Newsstand
don't quite have the same look.
They're colorful, they're exciting,
they grab your users,
your readers in this case,
and pull them in.
I mean, look at this guy,
he's standing up on the edge of a cliff.
I want to pick that magazine up and
look inside and see what it's all about.
And we want to bring that
same experience to Newsstand.
So let's talk about Newsstand icons.
For one, they've got a distinct look
from standard app icons.
They appear in Newsstand, that is,
on the home screen,
and in the app switcher.
We want these icons to
reflect your content.
When a user takes a look at
your app without even opening,
we want them to be able
to see what's inside.
Furthermore, they're dynamic.
You can update them after
your app is installed.
On top of that,
we give them some additional
adornment to make them look like
real magazines and real newspapers.
So, standard icons.
Well, we still need them.
As I mentioned,
we use them throughout iOS
in a series of other places,
not just in the home screen,
but in settings, search, notifications.
So that means we need to
define a Newsstand icon in
addition to the standard icon.
Now, how do we do standard icons today?
You've probably all
done this once or twice.
You add your list of icons to
your Info.plist in an array
called CFBundleIconFiles.
You give us a list of images,
that's your standard icon.
Well,
this doesn't work for Newsstand icons,
because if you added
more things to that list,
we wouldn't have any idea
what's the Newsstand icon
and what's the standard icon.
So we need a new way to
specify your Newsstand icon.
What we've added is a new
InfoPillars key called CFBundleIcons.
Now, this is not specific to Newsstand.
Any app in iOS 5 can use it.
And what it is is a
dictionary of icon styles.
So in iOS 5, we defined two styles.
The first is your standard icon,
which we've called CFBundlePrimaryIcon.
The second, as you may have guessed,
is your Newsstand icon,
which is called UINewsStandIcon.
So let me show you how you
would go and take this,
and make your app have a Newsstand icon.
First step, add your new P-List key.
CFBundleIcons, it's a dictionary.
We'll start with the standard icon.
So we'll insert another dictionary,
CFBundlePrimaryIcon.
Within that dictionary,
you can literally copy-paste
your existing array of images.
And now you have a fully
defined standard icon style.
So what does it take to then
add the Newsstand icon style?
Well, what you would do is you'd insert a
new style key called UINewsStandIcon.
And within that style key,
you'd again insert an array of images,
and that would specify
your Newsstand icon.
But you're not done yet,
because you can customize
your Newsstand icon.
As I mentioned before,
icons are adorned to resemble
their physical counterparts.
So when you're doing this,
you have to decide, are you a newspaper,
or are you a magazine?
Furthermore,
you have to define a binding edge.
That is,
what is the edge of your publication
that opens when the user opens it up?
A typical magazine here
would open from the left,
or the staples would be on the left,
so that's the binding edge.
These are defined as option keys inside
the Newsstand icon style dictionary.
So let me go over these
two binding types.
The first is binding type magazine.
If you had a publication that
looked something like this,
you would be a magazine.
What we do is we apply
staples to one edge,
and then pages on the other edge
to give it a little bit of depth.
The other style is a newspaper.
If you look something like a newspaper,
you would be one.
And we give you a stack effect
and a fold along the bottom edge.
Now, I mentioned binding edges.
There are three possible
options for this.
The first.
Is UI Newsstand binding edge left.
In this example in the magazine,
this is an image with
a left binding edge.
That's where the staples go.
In some other countries,
binding edges may be on the right.
So if you have a publication
that is like that,
this example image would have
the staples then on the right
side and the pages on the left.
The last binding type
is meant for newspapers,
and that is binding edge bottom.
That's what lets us apply the fold
along the bottom of the newspaper.
How do you then take this and
apply it to your icon style?
Well, we'll start with our icon style
dictionary that we just defined,
and then we'll add in our binding type.
In this example,
I'm using a binding type newspaper.
And then I'll add the
binding edge key under there,
in this example, binding edge bottom.
Together, this creates an icon that
looks something like this.
Now, there are a few additional
considerations to keep in mind
when defining your Newsstand icon.
The first and foremost is that your
icons do not need to be square.
Standard icons today
expect a square image,
but we want you to use a
shape that actually matches
your physical appearance.
So if you're a magazine,
you might be taller than you are wide,
or a newspaper,
you might be wider than you are tall.
Whatever it is you look at,
use those dimensions for your image.
Furthermore,
you must still define your primary icon.
We need both of them in iOS,
your Newsstand icon for
Newsstand and App Switcher,
and your standard icon
for everywhere else.
The last point is that while
CIF bundle icons is required
for Newsstand apps in iOS 5,
the new key will live perfectly
well with the existing icon key.
So if you're targeting
an earlier iOS version,
you don't need to worry about that.
They will coexist peacefully.
And with that,
I would like to give you a demo.
And what I will be doing
is taking a standard app,
as we all have today,
and converting it into a
Newsstand app with an icon.
All right.
Unfortunately,
I can't make this font size any bigger,
so I'm going to zoom in a bit,
but let me know if you can't see.
The first thing I'm going to do is, well,
let's run this app and see
what it looks like today.
As I mentioned,
this is just a standard app.
I'm going to exit back
to the home screen.
And there it is, NKDemo.
This is my app.
Let's make it a Newsstand app.
The first thing we have to do
is add our UI Newsstand app key.
As I mentioned, that is a Boolean.
Yes.
Save, and let's run.
Exit back to the home screen,
and now you can see there's
something in the Newsstand.
And we open it up, and here's my app.
Now,
that doesn't really look all that great.
It's got my old icon crammed into a
sort of newspaper-y looking shape.
So let's quit and define
our Newsstand icon.
All right,
I've got this pasted to the clipboard,
so I can do it quickly.
We'll name this CFBundle Icons.
Now,
I've included two styles within here.
The first is the primary icon,
and the second is my Newsstand icon.
You can see my primary icon is empty,
so I need to add my existing
list of images to it.
I'll just go up here.
This is my standard image.
Copy you, come in here, paste, that's it.
I've also included another image
in my project and newspaper
that will be my Newsstand icon.
will save.
Oh,
you can also tell I've added the binding
type newspaper and binding edge bottom,
because I'm a newspaper.
When I run.
Exit back to the home screen.
I'm still there in the Newsstand,
but now I look like an
actual Newsstand app.
And that's it.
That's all it takes to make
your app a Newsstand app.
And now,
I'd like to hand this back to Ben,
who will be telling you
all about content updates.
So that's kind of exciting, isn't it?
I mean, I really like this new
look for Newsstand apps.
I think it's really fun.
But moving away from
the home screen visuals,
let's talk about getting content,
and specifically how
Newsstand Kit can help.
So this process,
this is going to be a cycle that
you're going to go through repeatedly,
right?
I mean, every 24 hours, week, month,
whatever it is for your app,
you're going to be
doing this all the time.
So we're going to spend
a bit of time on this.
It has four steps.
The first step--
is how do you let your app know
that new content is available?
And then once you know
that it's available,
what do you have to do on disk to
kind of prepare a place to put all the
files that you're about to download?
And then you have to
actually download them.
And then once you've got all of that,
you're going to have to update your
icon and your badge to let the user
know that it's now ready to be viewed.
So let's talk about informing the app.
Well, when we look at all of the
technologies available to us,
really, push notifications match
our needs the best.
But they've got one flaw in
terms of what we want to do here,
and that's that they're
meant to inform the user.
If your app isn't running,
we let the user know, and not your app.
So really what we needed is
a type of push notification
that always goes to your app,
even if it's in the background,
or even if it's not yet running.
And so that's what we've done,
is we've added a new type of push
notification-- we call it Newsstand
push notifications-- to do this.
Now, we're not going to go too deep
into what is push notifications.
So if you've got a lot of questions,
if you're new at it or
you need a refresher,
there's always the remote and
local notification programming
guide on the Apple Docs.
And then, of course,
there are other sessions,
and you're always welcome to come
and ask us about it in the labs.
We'd be happy to answer
any questions you have.
So in order to take advantage
of Newsstand push notifications,
what's different?
What do you have to be aware of?
Well, the first thing is we have
a new registration type.
And that is Newsstand
content availability.
You'll need to add this registration type
to your registering for remote-- for push
notifications when your app launches.
Once you do that, you can receive them,
but you're also going to need
to mark your notifications as
being Newsstand notifications.
You do that with a new payload key,
which is content available
set to a value of 1,
and you set that inside of your
APS reserved dictionary for the payload.
You do that, congratulations.
You're now sending
Newsstand notifications.
And that's almost
everything you need to know.
But there are two caveats.
The first one is you can only
receive this type of notification
once in a 24-hour period.
So if we look forward to the
future here a little bit,
iOS 5 ships in fall.
That's, say, roughly three months away.
That's 90 days,
90 opportunities to test this feature.
So I hope it goes really
smoothly and you get everything
working in the first 90 days.
OK, well,
maybe that's not really feasible.
So we've added an override.
You can set it in your NSUser defaults.
That's just a Boolean value for the key,
NK don't throttle Newsstand content
notifications-- or Newsstand-- yeah,
that's right.
You set that key,
and we will let you receive it as
many times as you want to your heart's
content on your developer devices.
So that's the first thing
you need to be aware of.
The second thing you need to be aware
of is that because we'll actually
be waking you up in the background,
it means we're playing with
the multitasking system.
So you're going to have to let
the multitasking system know that
you're going to need to support
being woken up for those reasons,
which means a new background mode.
So the background mode you're
going to need is Newsstand content.
You set that key inside of
your UI background mode's
array in your Info.plist.
Doing that lets us know
that we should wake you up.
The other thing you need to know is this
background mode only buys you a couple
of seconds to process that notification.
Hopefully,
that's all you're going to need.
But if it isn't,
you can always tell the system that
you're going to begin a background task,
and you'll get the 10 minutes
that this function will buy you.
Don't forget to check it in, though.
OK, so that's it.
We now know-- we've now been
able to inform the app that
there's new content available.
The app's going to have to prepare a
location to put all of that content.
So how do we go about doing that?
Well, you're going to need to
persist some state information,
and actually create a place
on disk to put it all.
And since this is everything that
all of you are going to be doing,
we've created a new class
called NK Library as a part of
Newsstand Kit to do this for you.
So NK Library provides
a persistent state,
specifically for information
regarding all of the available
issues on the user's device,
as well as all of the downloads that are
either scheduled or currently in flight,
as well as other metadata,
like what issue is a user
currently interested in.
Beyond just state information,
it also helps to actually
organize your disk.
It does that all inside of the
application's caches directory.
We play nice with backup.
You may be asking yourself,
"Why did you go to the trouble
of making this class for me?
I could do this." That's true,
but since all of you are going to do it,
we wanted to make it simple.
But then also, there's one other reason,
and that's by sharing just a
limited amount of information
of the structure of your app,
we're actually able to improve the
cache management system in terms of
both efficiency and user friendliness.
So it's really a win-win for everybody.
So that's NK Library.
But NK Library is meant to manage issues.
So how do you go about adding an issue?
To create an issue,
all you need is two bits of information.
The first is,
you're going to need a name that
will uniquely identify that issue.
We don't care what it is,
set it to whatever you want,
but it needs to uniquely identify it.
And you're going to need to tell us
the publication date of that issue.
Once you know those two things,
you just call up on the library,
add issue with name and date,
and we will go ahead and
return you an NK issue.
Now this actually creates and maintains
a repository within the library.
And in this repository,
you should put all of the content.
associated with your issue.
And you can get that by just querying
the issue for its content URL,
and use that as the base for all
of your file system manipulations.
And the other thing that you can do
with issues is that you can tell us what
the most important issue currently is.
And not just us, I mean,
this is also you.
You're going to need to persist
this information somehow.
And you do that just using the currently
reading issue property of the library.
That's easy.
It's really simple to organize it all.
At least we hope you think
it's all really simple.
So now that we've created
a place to put it all,
we're going to need to
download all that content.
And this is really the meat of what
you're going to be doing every so often.
So let's talk about it.
Well, without Newsstand Kit,
your app is going to have to be running,
set up an NSURL connection,
and then it's going to have
to stay running in order
to get all of that content,
right?
To get all of the did-receive-data
callbacks on your delegate.
Well, this doesn't work so well, right?
Because we could take and put
you all into the background,
and then in the worst case,
we've got tens, if not hundreds,
of news apps that are trying to download
large amounts of content all the time.
In that case, trust me, nobody wins.
It's just really bad.
So what we needed to do was provide
you a facility to hook directly into
the system's downloading mechanism,
so that everything can be well organized,
and we can maintain good performance.
So we've done that by
adding NKAsset Download.
NKAsset Download will actually
handle all of the data transfer and
storage of that to disk for you.
And because it's a part of the system,
that means it can keep processing,
even when your app is
suspended or even quits.
But we didn't want to create
an entirely new download
mechanism you'd have to learn.
So we're piggybacking off... of
the familiar NSURL connection
delegate that you already know,
so all of the complex things you
may need to do with that download,
like authentication,
are all handled in the same mechanism.
Which means we're going to wake you up
to process those events specifically.
Again, that means we're playing
with a multitasking system.
You have to declare a background mode.
But it's the same one as before.
So you set it for push notifications,
and you got it for downloads.
So that's easy.
Now, one caveat to know is that
while your app is frontmost,
you've got access to any
network connection the user has.
But if you're backgrounded,
all of your downloads will
only happen over Wi-Fi.
So good to know.
So what does it take to actually
set up one of these downloads?
Well,
once you know that issue's available,
you've gone through,
you've created a space on disk
using NK Library and NK Issue,
you're going to need to also know
what it is you need to download.
And for that, that's really up to you.
You're going to need to query the server.
You need to do subscription
validation or whatever.
Maybe you're talking to
lots of different servers.
Whatever it is for you,
you're going to get a list of all of
those things you need to download.
And you're just going to iterate over
that list and create an NSURL request.
And you're going to create
a request for each item.
And once you have that request,
you're just going to call add asset
with request for the particular
issue you're downloading for,
passing in the request you just made.
And that'll return you
an NK asset download.
To begin the download,
all you have to do is call
download with delegate,
passing in your connection delegate.
And that's it.
We're now downloading,
potentially in the background.
So let's take a look at this delegate.
It's not actually an
NSURL connection delegate.
It's actually an NSURL connection
download delegate,
which is a new protocol in iOS 5
specifically to support NewsstandKit.
But it implements
NSURL connection delegate,
which means this is how you
receive all of your status updates.
It's how you receive your authentication
challenges and your notifications
of when the download is finished.
But it does modify
things just a little bit.
And the big thing is, well,
you used to receive
connection-did-receive data,
but since we're handling all of the data,
this method doesn't make
a whole lot of sense.
So we've gone ahead and replaced that
with two status update mechanisms
that you can use to know how the
system is progressing with your data.
And, of course,
connection-did-finish-loading
doesn't tell you where on disk
we stored all that information.
So we've replaced that one with
connection-did-finish-downloading,
passing you back a destination URL.
Now, the first two,
seeing as they're status updates,
are optional.
Don't have to use them.
But the last one, of course, is required,
because there's no other way for you
to know how to process this event.
So you get all of these delegate
callbacks if you're frontmost.
So how does that change if
your app has been suspended?
You're just not going to
receive any more status updates.
That's it.
But you are still going to be woken
up in the case of an authentication
challenge or a completion event.
So not too different.
But what's the difference if your
app has actually been terminated?
Well,
for the same reasons that we would have
reactivated you if you were suspended,
we're just going to relaunch
you in the same event.
So you're in the background.
You won't be frontmost.
You'll be in the background.
But you will be able to
process this notification,
which means we're going to have
to tell you why you were launched.
So in the launch options dictionary,
we're going to pass you some
new values for this key,
which is Newsstand downloads.
And the value is going to be an
array of unique identifiers for those
assets that caused you to launch.
You can query to figure out what
that is on the asset by just
asking for its identifier property.
OK, so now you're asking yourself,
or you may be asking yourself,
I understand that the download may
be continuing on in the background.
That's fine.
It's a system thing.
But if my app has been terminated,
the application delegate that
I created doesn't exist anymore.
So how am I supposed to get
status updates for that download?
Which brings us to a really good point.
You're going to need to
reconnect to those downloads.
The process, again, it's very simple.
We've tried to make it as...
We'll try to make it as easy as possible.
Hopefully we did a good job.
You're just going to have
to query the library for all
of the downloading assets,
and then call download
with delegate again,
passing in your new delegate.
That'll then go and find it,
reconnect to it,
and you'll immediately start
receiving all of the updates that
you have been needing to process.
This brings us, though,
to a really important point,
and that is you're
going to need to always,
always connect all of your downloading
assets every time you launch.
Don't just go and find the ones
that actually caused you to launch,
because you may have lots of others
in process that don't actually
need your interaction right now.
And if you don't hook up to those,
you no longer have any reason,
any way of knowing what's
going on with them,
and you've essentially abandoned them.
The system can detect that,
and may cancel those downloads,
since you can't know
what's going on anyway.
So please remember to always connect all
of your downloading assets on relaunch.
So hopefully we've gone through
and we've processed these,
and now we've come back and it
says your download is finished.
In the case of an error,
it's the same mechanism,
so we won't talk about that,
but hopefully it's actually
completed successfully.
In that case, you're going to receive
connection to finish downloading
with your destination URL.
This destination URL is
actually a temporary file.
It's only guaranteed to exist for
the duration of this callback.
So the first thing you want to do is move
that file into your issue repository.
Remember, you can do that very simply by
getting the content URL of the issue,
and using that to build your
relative path where you're
going to move this file.
Now, you're going to possibly
want to process this file,
and what do I mean by that?
Well, hopefully you're not
scheduling 500 downloads.
You can,
but it's really not a great experience.
So what you're going to want to do,
hopefully, is kind of package them up,
maybe into a zip archive,
or an SQLite database,
or some other type of flat file,
we can just send a few of them.
But if you're going to do that,
it might take you a while to process.
And remember,
we only give you a couple of seconds
to handle all of these notifications.
Again, you may want to let the system
know you're beginning a background
task as you unarchive or decrypt or
whatever it is you may need to do.
So, and that's really it.
Once you know that, process your file,
congratulations, you now put all of that
content into your issue.
And I'd like to show you a
demo of walking through all of
these steps for a sample issue.
All right, so the very first thing we do,
we're using the same app that
Jon was working with before.
You can see all the keys
that he's added in here.
So the first thing we're going to
want to do is add the background mode.
There we go.
So we're just going to call
in required background modes,
which is an alias for...
for UI background modes.
And then we're going to
type in this new string,
this new background mode,
which is Newsstand content.
We do that,
now we can start receiving all of
these things in the background.
Let's save that,
and now let's move over to
the application delegate.
Now the application delegate,
for simplicity's sake,
is where we're going to do all
of the processing for this app,
just so everything's nice
and clear in one file.
there we go.
It gives us a little bit more room.
Now, the very first thing we're
going to do normally,
well, actually,
let's show you the app so you
can see what it looks like.
You can see it's just a table
view that shows us the state of
all of our current downloads.
Now, I'd really like to show you
the push notification system,
but since we're running in the simulator,
I actually can't do that.
But trust me, it works.
It's really,
really cool to not see what's happening.
But instead, what we're going to do is
we're going to kick things
off with this download button.
So first thing that I would
normally do is I'm going to,
for development purposes,
I'm going to set the default that
gets rid of the limitation of only
one push notification per day.
And then I would come in,
and I would register for the new push
notification type using the new enum,
UI remote notification type,
Newsstand content availability.
But we're not actually going to do that
because we can't do push notifications.
But I just wanted you to see that.
So what we are going to do is
we're going to look in our launch,
we're going to look for any assets that
may be downloading that we haven't,
you know,
that we haven't been connected to.
And we're going to find them,
and we're going to call
download with delegate again.
You can see that I'm using my application
delegate as my download delegate as well,
again, for simplicity's sake.
So I've done that.
I've reconnected.
I can, you know, I'm good to go.
Now,
once I receive the start download event,
I'm going to come,
and I'm going to have to begin that,
oops, begin that download.
So I'm going to need...
To ask the server,
this is all a little simplified here,
I know, but I'm going to just
query the server and say,
get me the latest issue info
so I can check against it,
right?
And that's going to return me an
object that I can use to see what
it is I may need to download.
And the next thing I'm going to do is,
I need to check the library and see,
do I already have that issue?
Because I already have it,
there's nothing I need to do, right?
But we're going to assume then
that I don't have that issue,
and I just need to create it.
So I'm going to call add issue with name,
passing in the name field that
I just queried from the server,
as well as the publication
date of that issue.
Now I've got the NK issue,
this has created the location on disk
for me where I need to put everything,
and I'm just going to need
to create an asset download.
Now in this case,
I know that I've put all of my
content into one database file,
so I'm just creating one asset download,
and that is my content request.
You can see I've created
my NSURL request here.
And I pass it in and I get
my NK asset download.
Right after I do that,
I am going to set something
we didn't actually talk about.
Now, when you start,
when you go and query the server,
you're probably going to know exactly
where you need to put all of those files.
And if they are packaged
up in some special way,
you're going to have all the
information of how to unpackage it.
But keep in mind, when you process it,
your app may have been terminated,
even many times.
And so,
unless you have a specific application,
you're going to have to do a
lot of work to get it done.
And unless you have a way of
persisting that information,
when it comes to process,
you may not know how.
So we provided a simple,
a simple accessor here.
You can set a user info dictionary
of plistable types to store any
information you need at the time
you have to process this download.
Though you may want to keep in mind
that it's always good to keep this
dictionary as small as possible.
So once we've done that,
and here what I'm doing is I'm just
getting the content file name and
creating a dictionary that just has
a file name mapping to that string.
So once I do that,
all I need to do is call
download with delegate,
passing myself in.
And there we are.
The download is now
underway in the system.
So what else do we need
to process this now?
Well, we have an NSURL connection
download delegate,
so let's flush out some of those methods.
Now,
I'm not terribly interested in the status
and the errors that may be returned.
My UI needs to know about it,
so what I'm doing here is I'm
just forwarding all of those
methods off to my UI manager,
so that it can tell us what's going on.
But there's not too much for us
to do with that in this demo.
So, but hopefully,
it will have downloaded successfully,
and we'll get this connection to finish
downloading with the destination URL.
Once I get that,
I'm going to need to actually get
the Newsstand asset that I was using.
But you notice that it repassed me
back an NSURL connection object.
We've added a protocol to
the NSURL connection class,
or sorry,
a category to the NSURL connection
class to retrieve the asset that
created it if there was one.
So I've queried back
and gotten the NK asset.
download that created that connection.
The next thing I'm going to do is
pull out the user info and find the
file name that I need to process this,
to figure out the relative path
this will go inside of my issue.
And then I'm actually going to
construct that file URL by using
the issue's content URL and
impending my relative path.
So I'm almost done.
All I have to do now is actually move
that content file into my issue using
the standard NS file manager routines.
And the last thing, well,
I need to let my UI know that
it's finished so that we can
see that all nice and run.
So let's actually run
that and see what happens.
So here's my app,
and I'm going to hit Downloads to
simulate the push notification coming in.
See it drop down.
Oh, well that's fun.
Let me quit this again and run it,
and hopefully...
Oh, hey, it's off and running.
Little UI glitch there.
Sorry about that.
So let's go ahead and pause.
In fact, you've already seen that,
where we paused it and we came back,
and it was still running.
Yay.
Let's actually terminate the app,
kill things off completely.
And just for good measure,
let's even remove it from
the multitasking tray
down here at the bottom.
OK, so we left off.
It was like 40%, I think it was.
We go back,
we should see it significantly
higher than that.
And now we're at 65%. And really,
it was that simple.
Just a few lines of calls,
and we're actually downloading
content in the background,
and it continues,
even when our app is not.
So I hope you enjoy that.
Thanks.
So, I'm going to invite Jon back up here
to tell us how do we then update
the visuals on the home screen to
let the user know that we've now
downloaded all this fantastic content.
Thanks, Ben.
How cool is that?
I think your users are going to
love getting this data in the
background while they sleep,
or whatever.
So, I'm going to tell you about
updating your Newsstand icon.
So,
now that you've got all this new content,
you want to show it off.
Well, part of getting new content is also
obtaining a new icon for your content.
How you do this is entirely up to you,
but it's got to be part of that process.
So, once your content's ready to view,
we want you to be able to show it off.
Now, to do that, we have two ways.
The first,
let's update your Newsstand icon.
The second,
let's inform the reader that you have
a new issue available via badging.
So,
if your icon had looked like that before,
when the user wakes up,
now they've got a new
cover and a new tag,
or a new badge.
Updating your icon.
Well, publication covers play a huge
role in the physical Newsstand,
and we've reiterated that
multiple times today.
We want your icons to
do the same thing here.
Your icon should reflect
your most recent content.
We want the users to see at a glance
what they're going to get when they
tap your app in the home screen.
But don't show it until
the content is ready to go.
Nothing would be more disappointing
than to see a new icon representing
supposedly new content,
but to open your app and find nothing.
So once you've got
your content available,
then it's time to show off your icon.
Now,
this will change the appearance of your
app in Newsstand and the app switcher.
It overrides the UI Newsstand
icon style that we talked about,
but not your standard app icon.
Now, how do we do this?
Well, it's rather easy,
and we've added a single line
API on UI application called
Set Newsstand Icon Image.
However you get this image,
that's up to you.
Make this call.
We'll take care of the rest
and update your Newsstand icon.
Furthermore,
you can do this in the background.
So if we launch you for a content,
did finish downloading,
and you're done processing,
that's fantastic.
Go ahead and update your icon.
We'll do it for you.
You can suspend,
and the user won't have to do anything.
On top of that,
you can now badge your app.
And I say now badge your app.
It's because we've given them a new look.
What you see now is a new sash that
appears over the upper right-hand
corner of your Newsstand icon.
We want you to add a badge
when you've got new content
that the user has not opened,
and then remove the badge when
the user's read your content.
Now, this API is exactly the same
as the existing badge API.
You call UI application,
set application icon badge number.
As with normal badging,
a non-zero value will show the sash,
and a zero value will clear the sash.
Now, we no longer show the count.
You won't see one, two, three, four,
five.
It just says new.
But you can still use the count to
keep track of your unread issues.
Now, I'll show you a very simple example
that will pull this all together.
Let's say you're inside your connection
to finish downloading delegate method.
Well, we've got one asset,
and it just finished.
So we're going to pull the issue
out for that asset by getting
the downloading assets issue,
and then getting the issues content URL,
and building a path to
where we're going to put it.
We move it into place.
You just saw Ben do this.
Very simple.
The next step, get your icon image.
Again,
how you do this is entirely up to you.
I added a helper method here that pulls
it out of my issue wherever you store it.
That's yours.
Once you've got that,
you can just call a new API.
Set Newsstand icon image.
And here, I'm updating the badge by
incrementing it by one.
That's it.
You've just updated your Newsstand icon.
And to show you how easy this is,
I will do a demo.
All right, here we've got Ben's program
that he was just working on.
What I'm going to do
is modify it slightly.
I'm going to change the download of
his content to just download an icon.
We don't need the whole thing.
Icon request, icon file name.
I'll scroll down here to the bottom into
my connection did finish downloading,
and I'm going to add
just a few lines of code.
The first, let's get my image.
I know my download is an icon, a PNG,
so I'm going to say UI image,
image with contents of file,
and the path where
I just moved my download.
I'm going to update the Newsstand
icon and badge by calling the
new API setNewsstandIconImage
with my new cover art,
and then incrementing the badge by one.
Save, run.
Let's clear that existing download.
We don't care anymore.
I'll start a new one.
It looked like it finished already.
And there's our new
icon with the new badge.
And that's it.
So what have we learned today?
The first thing was how
to become a Newsstand app.
All you have to do,
update your info P list,
add a Newsstand icon, good to go.
The second part was getting
content updates in the background.
There's a new push
notification type for you,
and a new background mode that allows you
to be launched without user interaction
to begin your content downloads.
The third part was all
about Newsstand Kit,
and how you can use it
to organize your content,
and how it can help you download
assets in the background.
Now, there are two points I want
to reiterate here briefly,
is that you always have to reconnect
your downloading assets when you launch.
You just have to do this so that we can
send you the messages about their status.
The second is let Newsstand Kit know
about the currently reading issue.
This will help us effectively
manage the user's caches.
Lastly,
once you've got this awesome new content,
update your Newsstand icon and
your badge to tell the user the
next time they open their device,
they'll see Newsstand,
and they'll see your new content,
ready to go.
For more information,
you can contact Vicki Murley.
We have documentation,
although I don't have a link to it here.
If you go to the dev portal
and search for Newsstand,
you'll see the Newsstand
kit documentation come up.
We have some related sessions.
We're also doing this particular
session again on Thursday,
if for some reason you want
to come back and see us again.
App publishing with
iTunes is next Thursday.
Local and push notifications,
also on Thursday.
And multitasking,
helpfully at the same time as
the push notification session.